Great! At this point, you have successfully created a MySQL database for your organization. 
Now, if you recall from the MongoDB chapter, we discussed several limitations and challenges associated with MySQL. 
Your next task is to identify three problems related to your database, phrased as questions.

Reflect on MongoDB and its advantages over MySQL to determine what issues might exist in your current database design. 
Clearly state these three problems in question form.

In the second part, you will write solutions from the perspective of a MongoDB database, 
explaining how MongoDB could be used to address or overcome the problems you identified.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1Q) What if I  wanted to add suppliers for differant raw items in my database? Wouldn't I either have to
add a new table that relates the ID of an item to the name of a supplier, or add a new column in 'Items' for a supplier?

1A) If you added a new table, everytime you needed to reference a supplier, you would have to perform a join on the two tables. 
Similarly, if you already have a lot of data stored in the 'Items' table, then adding a new column for suppliers will cause all
of the previous rows of data to have null values in the newly added column, unless you update the table which could be problematic 
if there are millions of rows of data.
Using MongoDB, instead of adding new tables or dealing with a bunch of null values, you could simply just start adding a supplier 
field into each new item, and then update all of the older documents that need supplier information. While it is still a headache to
update all of the older documents, you don't have to worry about introducing a bunch of null values for items that don't have suppliers
yet, or create a new collection for the information; you can just start storing it whenever you want because of MongoDB's highly
flexible document structure. 

2Q) It is cumbersome to have to constantly join metalItems to metalGrades any time the grade
of a raw material is needed in a query. I wanted to store the metal grades of an item in the Items table,
but then I will have a bunch of null values for all of the 'finished products'. How can I store the 
metal grades of only a portion of the items in the inventory without using a join table or introducing 
a bunch of null values?  

2A) Unlike SQL that uses a very ridid schema and structured tables, MongoDB uses documents whose structure is very flexible.
If you wanted to store the metal grades for only raw items, then you can simply add a field to that raw item that contains
the metal grade without having to add that same field to a finished product. This also has the benefit of getting
rid of any joins; the data for the metal grade of the item is already embedded directly into the items data, so 
querying for that information becomes much easier. 

3Q) The company implemented a front end application that contains a real time hour tracker for each employee that is working on an 
active customer order, but as the number of active customer orders and employees working on those orders grows, the longer it takes for the 
information to be updated. Is there a better way to retrieve this data so we can get faster, more up to date information?

3A) Using MongoDB, the work hours of each employee can be embedded directly in each customers order so you do not have to do
any complex joining, which can slow down the aggregation process.
